FAQ (#5552)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-integration/continuous-integration-faqs.md

Go to the [Kaniko container runtime error article](./articles/kaniko_container_runtime_error).

### What is the defaut build context when using the Harness native build and push step? 

> The default build context is current directory which is ```/harness```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default build context is the stage workspace directory, which is `/harness`.
```

For steps, you can set a custom timeout limit in each step's **Optional Configuration** settings. In stages that use a Kubernetes cluster build infrastructure, the default timeout for steps is 10 hours. However, this is constrained by the stage timeout limit of 24 hours. For example, if a stage has three steps, the total run time for the three steps can't exceed 24 hours or the stage fails due to the stage timeout limit.

### Can we add an approval step in CI stage?

> Currently approval step can not be added in a CI stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Approval steps aren't compatible with CI stages.
```
